To make servus people short we first
with the topic what teachers always say
busy and there I came a lot
feedback from you and then it is me
The idea came when there are things
Teachers keep doing and then say
There had to be things they never did
would do or say, respectively
but would not like to say it and
may not always just the 18 o'clock
passing it is the only all
classes work writing good grades
that is the only one of the good grades
writes the word is not einzigste
Do not boost your bank seriously and how
already said everything not only the nerd
but there are other types of
Students in one or another teacher
Certainly certain things through the
he should not think about his head
let alone execute and
then I want to say spontaneously
take off
okay, we are 50 euros and you get the
Three weeks have believed her seriously
I would have read the task
which in three walter will be the eat
polishing
but when do you finally get it?
just everyone takes a bitter now
Follow this part in the school with
can not be that if you mcdermott
is he can not defend
yes woman cellar her son is a
idiot my heartfelt condolences
Of course you can leave the class
go whenever you want me to stop
Do not you also suddenly a new one
I was cheerful at least twice as often
drunk that he ok fuck it have
a film look like it would with check
first I swear you not even
rudimentary and only half of the
convincing has to teach what so read here
absolute stupidity from him or from her
husband had really times
I love it on the weekend
to sit and class work
to correct
Do you know what I long if you all
players my profession the toilets of
school cleans and I have you on it
spit it can be funny that somehow
you all think it would be me
We care if we can do the school
or not so you can fix that
with the note you have the 2 I'm glad
I had business with him
By the way, bernd was everything now
what we have learned today you need
eli again your children are the reason
why I started drinking
have
without joke her son is the greatest fun
I've ever taught at tiffany
I know such a little trick you
we do not have to pay attention to yours
you can look up books you can
creased
if you are at the beginning of the year if you
she gets no name in it
writes nobody can then
tracking because of the book heard
yes yes it is enough if you the text for
Presentations by wikipedia
No, that does not come anymore
work on it I'll just bring you
to select the drecks plan
I assure you that you will be son
Never graduate
it makes up for a cheat sheet makes nothing
but in the past everything used what
do you think I was admitted to uni
I usually like children like you
her daughter always about a new one
scale from 1 to 10
how much do you want i found violence is
a great solution
dispute to settle it is easy
look dvd okay I want that
dare yes that is at least the things the
he should not say teacher unfortunately
not dismissed by civil servant
Well , we are getting better
to be in the chancellor of the year
2013 claims the internet would be for us
new land but as I said anyway
they did not say so
especially good now, really
especially your opinion interested
what do you think of the whole and knows
Maybe you're a teacher of the school like that
used a sentence and what was hell
if there really are only such teachers
then we could do that with the
check off education right away
I'm going for a round first
lesson is over now that was one
video in things the teachers better not
say as I said and me
especially of you in lucia us
these claims may ever
is actually pretty
become blatant and what Europe is about
would be because if all teachers become like that
writes in the comments thanks less
normally stop by the scotch if
you want to handle something together and
Although on my website crystal points
However, in the description, thank you
Do not you want to instagram?
consequences
and otherwise there is here and somebody
last news and all my information too
I'm on my facebook worldwide
which are or web.de but only
in the description of what I am in
this video job